<!--link_label: About-->
<!--sort_order: 10-->
# About Git-Blog #

Git-Blog started as a side project of mine. I always wanted to be able to
maintain my own website, I also enjoyed being able to have a lot of control
over the HTML that was being presented at the same time. In addition I wanted
to be able to version my site easily and manage the whole thing from a git
repository.

To aid in the rendering I thought it would be better to go with something like
markdown. This was to save time in having to do all of the HTML formatting
manually, while still allowing it when it was wanted.

I've tried using other content management systems (CMS), but they all felt
klunky in how they handled text and formatting. I was looking for something
quick and easy to work on. I love my text editor and I don't always want to
work in a browser. In addition I wanted something that could be edited and
managed remotely, have a separate testing system that I could test changes out
in first and then deploy easily to a production site.

Thus, Git-Blog was born. This tool is designed to be, hopefully, quick, and
easy to use. It starts off as a git repository so creating new sites is just a
matter of branching. The entire site is self contained based on the directory
structure with each diretory allowing for custom configuration items. Headers
and Footers can be customized to suit your needs in each section and allow for
full PHP customization.

This probject is still in it's infancy so it's likely to either be abandoned
or evolve quickly.
