<!--link_label: Home-->
<!--sort_order: 1-->
# Testing Index Markdown Page #

This is to test that we will actually show correct information when we are
running this test. So far we only have a few pages and I'm still working on
writting up the backend to actually function correctly. Items I want to get
working on:

 - Self contained
 - Self managing (directory structure -> menu structure)
 - Directories contain details about section.
 - Directories can only be accessed if they contain section detail
	information.
 - Caching of menu structure for speed. Manually remove cache files to
	rebuild.
 - Automatically render markdown pages.
 - Customizable UI components
 	- Can handle added CSS entires per section
	- Can handled added JavaScript per section
	- Can customize UI per section (new header/footer files).
	- Header and footer are PHP by default.

## TODO ##

The following is a list of features that remain to be completed.

 - Link handling
   - Allowing parsing of documents for links (extrnal and internal).
	- Link validation checks. When a document is parsed, if an invalid link is
	  found notify the admin of a broken link.
 - Navigation
	 - Saving Navigation to a chache file.
	 - ~~Handling navigation menus.~~
	 - ~~Default navigation rendering.~~
 - Access restrictions
	 - ~~Prevent access to raw mkd files~~.
	 - ~~Allow access to specific referenced content (images, css, documents, etc).~~
 - Git structure
    - Release version of code.
    - Personal use version (branch).
    - Post pull hooks (clear cache, etc).
 - Documentation
    - Create documentation for application
    - Documentation is default release branch.
    - Include license (GPL 2.0) and refernece to Parsedown.
 - Tests
    - Create set of tests for validating all of the PHP code (PHPUnit).
 - ~~Page rendering~~
    - ~~Handle customized titles for each page. &lt;!--TITLE: My custom Title -->~~
